{"46691": "i have always collected dolls but i have only just discovered these macabre little things . ghoulie little girls with sunken eyes and black circles . this one could be the dead version of madame butterfly . or what about the teen angst gothic girl . they even have a ghoulie little bunny for her pet . i love innovative ideas .", "49716": "[male] went to his friend 's get-together at the bar . everyone was having a great time drinking . [male] was the one chugging the most alcohol . he was so drunk he passed out on the table . [male] was confused at the situation and went home .", "49305": "it was a bright sunny day in the city the city had a beautiful landscape with many statues and beautiful buildings the beach was stunning overall this place was very interesting to visit", "49016": "we are acting like romans . the wine from the vine is going down fine . this bite is a all about the grapes ! check out my headband . whoa ! they look like royalty and seem to enjoy it .", "48191": "[female] has created an outreach program for families in need . with many sign ups she is slowly making a difference . the families have come to seek help and provide help if they can . many have come to speak on behalf of [female] 's help to the community . there is even presentations made on all the program has to offer for families .", "48221": "met up with my friend at location location and we are gon na go downtown . here 's my friend . he 's happy to see me . first stop , this building , it 's a temple of some kind . then on to this building , it 's really interesting . then off to the park where there are beautiful statues all around .", "47530": "the state put out a tornado warning to the citizens . tornados started forming overhead . people started panicking and running towards their shelters . the winds got crazy and the clouds rolled in . rain turned to flooding as people scrambled for safety .", "47466": "there was record snowfall this year . everything was covered . thankfully i got to park in my garage . it is covered . i had to walk everywhere though .", "46761": "the city was vast . [male] wondered how he would like this new city . he found a pretty house in a nice neighborhood . in winter it looked like a postcard . [male] discovered a river he thought he could fish in . [male] found a swing large enough for an adult . after several months living in his new city [male] knew he loved this place .", "47436": "visiting location for the [female] . went to the flower market to see the beautiful flowers . a merchant carrying flowers to sell to interested buyers . about to by a book to learn the cultures . bought different irresistible deserts to try .", "45920": "we all came out for the july 4th fireworks display . the colors were bright and vibrant . this was my friends favorite , since his favorite color is blue . this was my favorite just because of the brightness . the grand finale was spectacular . what a great show !", "47355": "i was getting ready for a big concert . we were playing outdoors . my bandmates and i were so excited . we had a great show and wanted to celebrate . smoking a cigratte hit the spot !", "46145": "a parade marking an election in location . people watch what is going on below . reporters and photographers are on hand to capture the moment . various people milling about on the sidewalk . a man holding a sign during the parade .", "46721": "i went to my first beer tasting today . there were many different kinds to choose from . i met a lot of great people there . i even ran into the president of the organization ' association ! all in all , it was a perfect day .", "45696": "onlookers gathered on the sides of the street for the parade . the flag corps led the parade down the streets . then the local marching band entertained us . the flag twirlers came out , but had some problems staying in sync . the mayor closed up the parade , waving at the crowd as he passed .", "49475": "our whole team was excited to arrive at the big conference about sport protective gear . the big tube outside let us know we were really there . we listened to the keynote speeches from up on the catwalk . then we all went to some of the demonstrations . the advances in gloves were particularly compelling . this guy from organization organization blew us away with some of his monitoring devices . and this man talking about hockey falls was amazing . we were all very glad we attended the conference .", "49381": "running a marathon . her fans cheering for her . three more miles to go . crossing the finish line . eating a celebratory meal .", "47325": "the race line up started in the very early morning . we git a good start . there was a large crowd already . my favorite was running by the river . i saw my friend at the finish line .", "46270": "[male] is leaving the job [male] will be missed . [male] has lots of co-workers that really like him . we wish you the best [male] . hey man good luck , stay cool .", "46411": "dinner with the family ! the boys found their own spot at the end of the table . after dinner the kids enjoyed some games . the family enjoyed getting together for a nice meal out . the kids really loved the hats they received .", "46326": "today i got to ride horses . my friends also rode them with me . i nicknamed this guy seabiscuit . it is so much fun to ride horses , they go so fast . i ca n't wait to do this again next year .", "47890": "it was a great day for a cook out . the family were enjoying themselves . uncle [male] provide the entertainment . we fired up the grill and had some cold beer .", "49630": "we were all prepared for the big game . the players seemed to be having fun too . but once they really began , there was a change in effort . they even had a tiny guest star ! i 'm really glad i was able to get a picture with one of the players after it was over .", "50391": "welcome to the tour of the old location location , this way to the conference room . the conference room actually served duel purposes , as the family often dined in here . [male] [male] lived to the ripe of age of 84 , which was considered to be a long life back in his time . [male] was also an serious book collector , and had several libraries . his estate is now considered to be a historical monument .", "49180": "we crossed the bridge in the park heading for the stream . as we got closer , we could hear the water getting louder . natural rock formation provided glimpses of the area around the stream . when we got to the source of the sound , we found a waterfall . the waterfall and pool created a sort of grotto in the back wall of the rock .", "50161": "tonight was a fun night with friends . we had some delicious seafood for dinner . everyone tried a crab leg for the first time . then afterwards we danced under the stars . later some friends had a fun mock fighting match .", "46231": "there is a long drive to the party tonight . we finally see the exit sign on the highway for the party . when we got there , all our friends are already there . some of the guests will be sleeping over tonight and sleeping on the futons in the living room . when all the guests have gone home , the host is vacuuming the living room .", "49316": "we had an amazing time on our trip . we visited the chocolate factory and took home a few treats . we relaxed on the beach at sunset . we explored a rainforest exhibit that had some terrifying spiders and beautiful trees . in the afternoons , we relaxed in the yard . the view from the house was breathtaking . it was hard to leave behind .", "47771": "i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i will return", "47410": "we had a lot of work to do today . there were many service members there . i had a great time at the office . i was escorted back home . they were very serious .", "48866": "i made a special cake for my friend for his birthday . i invited everyone of our friends . it was very crowded in the small apartment . everyone enjoyed the cake . some people wanted seconds .", "49861": "location is beautiful at night ! we had to look at some anime stuff ! there were costumes to try on . here are some pics we took in the costumes ! we enjoyed our evening !", "47506": "outside of the memorial park , there was an event going on . there was a fundraiser in which a lot of people gathered around . many small activities were going on which involved the whole community . it was right outside this building right here . many people passed by , but also looked at what was going on .", "46876": "i had my indiana jones costume on and had a beverage in hand at my friend 's annual halloween party . the party included tons of drink and food options thanks to our wonderful host , who 's seen here working hard in the kitchen . there were lots of people there , so sometimes the party spilled out onto the front stoop . [male] 's costume was my favorite . i hate clowns and he kept sneaking up behind me and scaring me , but ultimately it was funny . the gang had a great time . i ca n't wait for another year to pass so we can attend another party .", "48230": "th screenwriter is writing a new story to be made into a movie . as he finishes up , he lists the cast members and gives them credit . his friend at work agrees to preview the movie and give his thoughts and ideas . he watches the movie on the screen all the way through to the end . he gives the screenwriter some ideas on things to change so that the movie will be a success .", "49785": "sargent corpral was recieving an important medal today . after he got his medal , some of the officers wrote it down in the big book . then he had to be interviewed for the military tv show . he talked about how he had won the medal and what it meant to the people . the news reporters were very impressed by his story .", "46546": "i went to the award ceremony yesterday . there were a lot of people there . everyone received an award for their effort . they had a great time . i really enjoyed being there . some of the soldiers started singing .", "49811": "[female] grew up in a poor rural community . she had big dreams though and plans to match . [female] dreamed of the day she 'd have plenty to eat . one day she planned to live in a fine , big house . so , she went to work and worked hard until she earned the things of her dreams .", "48551": "the deer crossed the ice carefully . it saw an eagle on a post . the eagle waited for the deer . the eagle avoided the ice entirely . it was alone as the deer could n't get to it .", "47926": "the protest was for [male] [male] who had been gunned down by the police . people made banners with his picture . they demanded justice . everyone blamed the police . the rogue cops had given them all a bad name ."}